Subcontract agreement

The agreement is between two companies and the subcontractor needs to deliver data processing and computer consulting services;
The subcontractor and the contractor have a agreement where there are certain clauses and conditions that need to be followed and that binds them in
the agreement.The subcontractor agrees to provides servecise to the client from time to time
The agreement is a 12 month agreement which is enforced every month and can be terminated only by giving a 2 weeks notices prior
and either party may terminate agreement.
The subcontractor has the responsibility that the work will start on time and be delivered on time.
and that he is a independent contractor.Morever the subcontractors employees are not liable to 
certain benefits and monetary benefits provided like sick leaves ,paid leaves wetc.
A60 days notices is also required for canceling any insurance .
workers compensation is to be maintained by the subcontractor and he is needs to maintain
and follow the courts jurisdiction.Their is also a non  disclousure agreement between the parties
breaking of which could lead to sever financial and other damages.




Some important points are-

Subcontractor agrees to provide such services as either Client or SDG
may, from time to time, require. Upon reasonable notice from SDG, Subcontractor also agrees to provide
assistance to SDG in any activities undertaken on behalf of Client.
Agreement shall remain in force from month to month . 

Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving 2 weeks written notice to the other party at
any time during the Initial Term or the Extended Term of the Agreement. Upon signing of this agreement, it
is Subcontractor responsibility that the selected resource will start the position at the client site on

The parties acknowledge and agree that the relationship between SDG and Subcontractor
described in this Agreement is that of independent contractor.

Subcontractor’s employees are not eligible
for, and may not participate in, any employee benefits extended to SDG employees, including without
limitation vacation pay, holiday pay or paid sick leave.

certificates and proof

Subcontractor shall obtain and maintain, during the term of this Agreement, worker’s
compensation insurance as required by law with an All States endorsement, and employer’s liability in the
amount of $100,000.00 per occurrence.automobile liability insurance with bodily injury limits and/or property damage limits of at
least $500,000.00 combined single limit.

(60) days written notice to SDG before altering or canceling any insurance required


Client to sign a non-competition agreement in which such employees agree not to be employed
by or provide services for, directly or indirectly, Client for a period of twelve (12) months following
termination of their employment with Subcontractor. SunPlus and its clients also agree that it will not
solicit any employees of the Subcontractor for the term of this agreement and a period of 12 monthsAfter that.This is a material breach.

prior consent 

Any notice or demand to be given hereunder by either party shall be in writing, and shall be
made by personal delivery or by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested.

Subcontractor agrees to the jurisdiction of the courts

Subcontractor agrees that if it is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be in
violation, breach or non-performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, it shall pay all costs of such
action or suit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.

